Improve documentation (rework docs/) (#36)
hellofresh/kangal: docs/README.md

1. Create a docker image that must contain an executable of a new load generator and all required scripts to run it. Docker image should exit once load test is finished and it should provide logs to stdout which will be used by Kangal Proxy.

2. Create a new backend resource definition in Kangal source code: 
 - [pkg/backends/](/pkg/backends)
 - [pkg/backends/backend.go](/pkg/backends/backend.go#L33)
 - [charts/kangal/crd.yaml](/charts/kangal/crd.yaml#L43)
 - [openapi.json](/openapi.json#L280)

## Reporting
Reporting is an important part of load testing process. It basically contains in two parts:

1. Live metrics during the running load test, Kangal Proxy scrapes logs from main job stdout container.
2. Solid report generated after the end of the test. 

Kangal Proxy provides an API endpoint that allows to retrieve persisted reports (`/load-test/:name/report/`).

> Kangal relies on report creation to be implemented in the backend.

### Persisting reports
Kangal generates a Pre-Signed URL and backend can use it to persist a report.

> If the report contains multiple files it will be necessary to archieve/compress into a single file.

> To allow Kangal to serve the report static files is necessary to explicit set the file as a `tar` archive with no compression and **no enclosing directory**, otherwise the endpoint will just force the report download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow Kangal to serve the report static files it is necessary to explicitly set the file as a `tar` archive with no compression and **no enclosing directory**, otherwise, the endpoint will just force the report download.
```
